# **MoFA**

Harness the power of MoXin, unleash the magic of **MoFA**, and reveal MoLy to the world

## What

MoFA: **Mo**dular **F**ramework for **A**I 

MoFA is a software framework for building AI agents through composition. Using MoFA, AI agents can be constructed using templates, combined in a stacked way to form more powerful Super Agents.

## WHY

Why build AI agents with MoFA:

1. **Modularity**: Modular agent templates, modular agent services, simple module configuration, and simple inter-module interfaces.

2. **Clarity**: Build complex systems with "Lego-style" logic.

3. **Composition**: Agents can connect to services to gain more power and connect to other agents for additional functionality.

4. **Simplicity**: The construction of complex agents involves zero-code composition of various modules.

5. **High Performance**: Agents' data flows operate in a high-performance, low-latency distributed AI and robotics computing environment powered by DORA-RS, far surpassing Python-based environments.

6. **Diversity**: MoFA’s agent composition organically integrates various agent capabilities into a more powerful and complete composite agent.

7. Towards AI Operating Systems (AIOS)

   : Designed with Unix Philosophy and design methods in mind, it leverages large language models for core AIOS computing power, DORA-RS for multi-process scheduling, and MoFA as:

   - The **AIOS Kernel Services**, providing task planning, memory, action, and retrieval-augmented generation (RAG) services to agents.
   - **AIOS Utility and Applications**: Implements frequently-used agents and templates.
   - **AIOS Shell**: Provides an environment for running agents and connecting agents through pipelines for automated workflows.

8. **Enable Edge AI**: With MoXin (open-source inference), MoFA (this project), and MoLy (user interfaces for large models), MoFA enables the deployment of open and democratized AI applications at the edge.

## Getting Started

### 1. Installation

1. Clone the repository and switch to the designated branch:

```
git clone <repository-url> && git checkout <branch-name>
```

**Example**:

```
git clone git@github.com:moxin-org/mofa.git && cd mofa/mae && git checkout feature/mae
```

1. Use Python 3.10 or later:

- If the environment version is mismatched, create a new environment using Conda:

```
conda create -n py310 python=3.10.12 -y
```

1. Set up the project environment:

- Install dependencies:

```
pip3 install -r requirements.txt && pip3 install -e .
```

After installation, use the `mae --help` command to view CLI help information.

1. Install Rust and DORA-RS:

Since the DORA-RS computing framework is based on Rust, follow the instructions to install Rust:

```
https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install
```

Install dora (v0.3.6-rc0) or later.

## Examples (To Be PRovided)

You can test different MoFA examples in the examples directory:

- **simplicity.ai**: A search case providing a user experience similar to Perplexity.ai, combining two agents to perform searches.
- **agent_fight**: A multi-agent system where GPT-4 acts as a judge to evaluate and score reports generated by different agents completing the same task.
- **arXiv_research**: A composite agent that searches the arXiv paper database, downloads, summarizes, and generates research reports.